Added `openFiltersMode` on `filter-navigator` (#417)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `maxItemsDepartment` | `number`                 | Maximum number of departments to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.          | `8`             |
| `maxItemsCategory`   | `number`                 | Maximum number of category items to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.     | `8`             |
| `initiallyCollapsed` | `Boolean` | Makes the search filters start out collapsed (`true`) or open (`false`). | `false` |

> | `openFiltersMode`    | `Enum` | Dictates how many filters can be open at the same time. It is possible to have many open at once (`MANY`) or just one (`ONE`). Notice that if `ONE` is selected, the filters will begin collapsed, regardless of what is passed to `initiallyCollapsed` | `MANY` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `openFiltersMode`    | `Enum` | Dictates how many filters can be open at the same time. It is possible to have many open at once (`many`) or just one (`one`). Notice that if `one` is selected, the filters will begin collapsed, regardless of what is passed to `initiallyCollapsed` | `many` |
```

> | `openFiltersMode`    | `Enum` | Dictates how many filters can be open at the same time. It is possible to have many open at once (`many`) or just one (`one`). Notice that if `one` is selected, the filters will begin collapsed, regardless of what is passed to `initiallyCollapsed` | `many` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `openFiltersMode`    | `Enum` | Defines how many filter categories can be opened at the same time on the Filter Navigator component. Possible values are: `many` (more than one filter category can be opened at the same time) and `one` (only one filter category can be opened). Notice that if `one` is declared, the filters will always be collapsed before user interaction, regardless of what is passed to the `initiallyCollapsed` prop. | `many` |
```
